And now you're saying you
know the man from the marathon?
I was his foster mother
for a little over a year.
Last I heard. he was arrested
for selling OxyContin.
Not a single visitor until
a week before his release.
Visitor was Caroline Finch.
Kyle Smit is now a suspect.
You think he could be violent?
I think even good people can do
bad things if they're pushed.
You had a gambling problem.
I went into business with you.
You're so grateful.
I am grateful.
Thanks. buddy.
Brian was not born disabled.
There was an accident.
And it was Lia's fault.
Lia has grown up with
that on her conscience.
Ready?
- And it's shaped who she is...
- Bitch!
As a person.
I need you to do
stupid shit so that I
can smooth everything over.
But I need you to feel
nauseous from the pain meds
so I can keep my mind busy
thinking of what might help.
Carrie has to hide
because she's famous.
You can't have two
famous people. Milo.
That would be a problem.
- Yeah. she was all done up.
- Hi. I'm Maryanne.
Is this your place?
Yeah.
We found a body.
So. here's where things
stand with the case.
Carrie Finch
and Kyle Smit rented
a lake house in North Dunes.
And it appears that
Milo was with them.
The rental's now empty.
We're still doing
a forensic search.
And the vehicle that they were
using was left near the scene.
In the rental. there
was evidence that Milo
was being well cared for...
age-appropriate food.
changes of clothing.
But we also found
the body of an adult male
in the lake adjacent
to the rental property.
We haven't done a
formal identification.
but it appears to be Kyle Smit.
- Oh. my god.
- Wait. so...
Oh. my god.
So. now it's just
Carrie who has Milo?
We don't know for sure.
Do you know what
car they're in now?
No. I'm afraid not.
OK. so you don't know anything?
Yeah. actually. we
have less information
now than we did before.
At least before you knew what
kind of car to look for...
How did Kyle Smit die?
It appears to be a gunshot
wound to the back of the head.
Holy fuck.
So. Carrie's got a gun then. right?
'Cause that's new information.
Like. that's definitely
brand-new information.
So she... well.
she executed him?
I found an item in the
rental. and I recognized.
Is this Milo's?
Uh. that's...
that's Mr. Chips.
Oh. my god. Mr. Chips.
Was it with him when
he went to school?
Uh.
Was it in his backpack. maybe?
No.
Carrie got ahold of it somehow.
Either she took it.
or someone gave it to her.
Can any of you tell me when's
the last time you saw this?
Easter weekend.
But Easter was before you
hired the nanny. correct?
Yes.
Yeah. that's right.
I mean. that's before
we'd even met Ana.
If Carrie got hold of
Mr. Chips that Easter.
then that changes everything.
It means that Carrie was... was
interested in Milo before she
started working with
Jenny Kaminski. which
means that she met
Milo some other way.
through someone else.
OK.
Can... can you walk me
through that weekend?
Yeah. it was a last-minute trip.
Uh. it was a getaway to
a ranch a couple of hours
south of here.
We got there Friday night.
Mr. Chips goes missing
Saturday afternoon.
I mean. Milo just cried his
eyes out. he was distraught.
We searched for hours.
And you're 100% sure Milo
brought him to the ranch?
Yeah.
I helped Milo unpack his bag.
I remember tucking
Mr. Chips into Milo's bed
on Friday night.
Can we pinpoint a time?
Was he there in the morning?
There.
OK. so he was there
Saturday morning?
- Yeah.
- OK.
Can you talk me
through the afternoon?
Did you go into town?
Go grocery shopping?
Milo could have
forgotten him at a store.
We had groceries delivered.
Maybe the delivery person...
No. no. you don't...
the groceries were already at
the house when we got there.
Oh. I went into
town later for juice.
Uh. they screwed up
the order. so there
just... there wasn't enough.
But that was hours after
Mr. Chips had disappeared
and we'd been searching. so.
OK.
What about maid service?
Or repairs of the ranch?
Things like that?
Um. no.
How could Carrie have
gotten a hold of Mr. Chips?
It... it doesn't make any sense.
Someone had to have
given him to Carrie.
Maybe by accident.
maybe on purpose.
Oh. that just seems so extreme.
Well. what other
explanation is there?
I don't know.
But there has to be something.
I'm gonna need the name of
everyone who was at the ranch.
Any friend that
visited that weekend
could have a connection
to Carrie Finch.
You don't understand.
There was no one else
that visited the ranch.
It was just the five of us.
It was just the
people in this room.
Do you think the
detective will come back?
Yeah. of course
he's gonna come back.
He thinks one of
us knows Carrie.
But that's insane.
He doesn't know that.
No one here knows Carrie.
Then how did she
get Mr. Chips. huh?
There has to be a logical
explanation. but I just...
I don't see it.
It doesn't make sense.
Then let's make
it make sense. yeah?
Let's talk it through.
If no one here gave
Mr. Chips to Carrie.
then she got him some other way.
How?
There... there is an alarm
at the ranch house. right?
There was. I remember.
Yeah. I set it that night.
Uh. I'm sure of that.
And when was it disabled?
In the morning. early?
Or later?
Uh. I don't know.
When did we first open
the door on Saturday?
Does anybody remember
what time that was?
How can anyone remember
anything that specific?
Hey. listen. we have to. OK?
All right?
Look. we have to
remember every detail.
Mar is right. we can
make this make sense.
Could Carrie have gotten in
during the day on Saturday?
When we were all up and
moving around and not noticed?
- It's possible.
- How?
I don't know.
Did anyone have any
contact with anyone
else during that weekend?
Like. how?
Like. did anyone visit?
No. no. I'm sure that
didn't happen. I'm sure...
What?
Just making sure you
answer Mar's question.
About what?
No one visited me.
OK.
What's that supposed to mean?
Just let it go.
How did this become my fault?
OK. hey. hey.
she hasn't done anything.
Yeah. I didn't say she did...
Peter. if you want to ask her
a question. just ask her. yeah?
All right.
You had just gotten
out of rehab.
There it is.
And. uh. it wouldn't be the
first time you had relapsed.
Right. Lia?
So. maybe you had
some sketchy felon
show up with a bunch of pills.
Because that would be.
you know. a name that we
could give to the police.
That... that's a lead
toward finding my son.
That didn't happen at all.
OK?
No. I swear.
And I would tell you.
OK.
Hey. why'd you do that?
Do what?
Look at her like she's
done something wrong.
She hasn't.
What's going on?
What?
- Hey. Colin...
- Is there a problem. Colin?
- Just let it go.
- What's going on?
OK?
Let it go.
Anyway. why would a drug
dealer steal a stuffed frog?
It makes no sense.
Uh. I think it makes
sense if it starts
with my sister.
the queen of relapse.
getting a delivery
that weekend...
Two times!
And Carrie being with
whoever came up there.
And seeing Milo and her
being mentally unwell
and forming some kind
of fucked-up obsession
and stealing the toy.
I think that makes sense.
And you know what
else makes sense?
Is that my sister would
keep this from me.
Even now.
I wouldn't do that!
I would love to be
able to believe that.
There's an answer to
what happened that weekend.
And we will figure it out.
But I cannot do
the fighting. OK?
Not right now.
We've gotta keep it
together for tonight.
For Milo's sake.
W... what's tonight?
Hold on. are we
still doing that?
- Yeah.
- Doing what?
They're coming at 8:00.
"Real Insight's" coming
to interview them.
Yeah. the host is
flying in from LA.
and they want to interview
them today. because it's...
Yeah.
How does everyone know
about this but me?
What is it?
Peter. what's...
It's nothing.
It's nothing. just. uh...
just give me a second.
Who watches "Real Insight"?
America. in big numbers.
Really?
And we need all those
people on our side.
You're such a snob.
I'm not a snob.
I just don't do reality TV.
It's not reality TV.
It's a news program.
You don't "do" reality TV?
Oh. my god.
You're the biggest snob I know.
Well. I believe that because
you don't know anybody.
Also. you seem like
exactly the kind of person
who would watch reality TV.
- Well. I don't.
Why not?
Because I don't like
listening to people yell!
What?
You're yelling.
You're actually yelling.
You three went
out that Saturday.
What?
That Easter weekend.
around dinner. Peter went
out to get juice for Milo.
And then we were all
at home. but you...
you three left.
Where'd you go?
You told me at the time.
but I don't remember.
That art gallery in town.
Yeah.
Lia's friend...
She had a piece. yeah.
I'll grab it.
So. an art gallery?
And it was someone you knew?
I... I was trying to be a
supportive friend to her.
Uh-huh.
Why didn't you
tell the detective?
Who was that?
Oh. it's. uh...
I for...
I forgot to cancel the order.
Man. you just did it again.
Did what again?
You know what you did.
- Colin...
- Please.
I don't know what the
fuck is going on today. man.
Everybody just.
can you stop. please?
No. what the fuck is
going on is that no one ever
calls you out.
- Calls me out on what?
And I am so sick of...
on your bullshit!
I wanna clean the couch!
What?
I want to clean the couch.
And we're out of
upholstery cleaner.
Mar. "Real Insight"
is not gonna care
what the couch looks like.
I care!
Can you please go and
get upholstery cleaner?
Yep. sure.
Um. yeah.
Mar. is there anything we
can do for you right now?
No. thank you.
We can stay until
Peter comes back.
Uh. I have to go over
the interview questions.
I'm fine.
Happy Birthday. sweetheart.
This is the Lemon Drop Gallery.
Please leave a message
after the tone.
Hi. uh. I was
wondering if someone
could call me back
with some information
about your art gallery?
I'd like to know about
your holiday opening times.
specifically Easter.
I don't know exactly
what time I'll be home.
Marissa has an interview
with "Real Insight" at 8:00.
And she wanted me to
come over to go over some
of the interview questions.
Well. are you staying
for the actual interview?
Or are you leaving by then?
I don't... I don't know.
Why is it such a big deal?
Well. I just...
I just want to know if
you're doing Jacob's bath
or if I'm still on duty. then.
That's all.
What?
Why are you always
so eager to get free?
You always want to know
when you'll be "off."
That's a real shitty
thing to say. Jen. OK?
You know I love my son.
Whenever you're left
in charge of Jacob.
you always want to
know when it'll end.
Do you ever notice
that I don't ask that?
OK. well. I'm sorry. I guess
you're just the better parent.
I'm not the better
parent. I'm the default parent.
And you're the substitute.
Yeah. that's how this works.
When one person needs
time off childcare.
the other person's supposed...
But it's not equal.
It's never equal.
Your time off is to do your own
thing and to be your own person
and to play basketball
and see your friends.
And my time off is to grocery
shop. to clean the house.
to cook. to do laundry.
So I don't actually
have any time off.
I... I don't know what you
expect me to say. or do.
It feels like you
just always need more.
This is never enough.
I mean. come on. Jen.
a big part of who I am
is that I need some space
and some freedom. you know?
That's what you used
to love about me.
I do my own thing.
I mean. I should still be
allowed to be me. you know.
even though we have a child.
Like. I didn't sign
up for this whole
becoming a new person thing.
You're right.
I told Marissa that I would
come over before I asked you.
and that wasn't fair.
Saturdays are usually your
day to do your own thing.
Marriages are work.
and they take effort.
And I'm gonna try
harder from now on.
Yeah. OK.
Me too.
I love you.
I love you too.
Are you alone?
Yeah.
Peter's out running an errand.
And he's had to go to
a couple of stores.
And. uh. Brian's in his studio.
Colin and Lia. they left. I
don't know where they went.
And I don't fucking care.
How about I make some tea?
Yeah.
Yes.
Thank you.
Uh. I have to tell
you something about...
about Carrie.
OK.
The man who's with
Carrie Finch. she...
she executed him.
The woman who has my son
is violent and armed.
I did this.
No.
No. no. no.
- I did this to your family.
- No. Jenny. that's not...
If I hadn't hired her...
It's not your fault. It's...
that's the thing. it's not.
She knew him from before.
What?
Yeah. she knew Milo from
before you even hired her.
It's not your fault.
So this was the plan?
She wanted to work for
me to get close to Milo?
I don't know.
What's my favorite
thing about Milo?
Oh. uh. "Real Insight"
are gonna be here at 8:00.
And they're gonna
ask me that question.
so I need to think
about my answer.
But I don't...
I don't want to think
about it. because it'll
make me break down.
You don't have to think about
the answer to that question.
You already know it.
Yeah.
I have to keep busy.
It's... it helps.
OK.
Let's be busy.
What needs to get done?
Uh. there's a
stain on the couch.
We can do that.
You're going to help
me clean my couch?
Yeah.
Can we do the whole thing?
Sure.
Do you mind staying for a while?
As long as you want.
Just a sec.
Hello?
Hi. it's the Lemon Drop
Gallery returning your call.
Oh. hi. yeah.
You were wondering about our
art gallery's Easter hours?
We were open every day
from 10:00 till 2:00.
Uh-huh.
So everything you told me
about that Easter weekend
is bullshit?
Whoa. hold on a second. Mar.
Just...
Tell me to calm
down. I dare you.
I wasn't gonna.
You. Colin. and Lia are all
lying to me about what happened
that Saturday evening.
The art gallery was closed.
I just spoke to the
gallery manager.
closed at 2:00 p.m. that day.
And yet. you three.
you didn't leave the house
until almost dinnertime.
Where were you?
There was an assisted
living facility nearby.
I wanted to check it out.
Lia and Colin
agreed to drive me.
That's what happened.
You want to move out?
I'm an adult man. and I
live under my brother's roof.
The thought of moving
out has crossed my mind.
Why didn't you just tell us?
I would have told you. but
then you would have told Peter.
And he... I know
he loves me. Mar.
He loves all of us. but he
doesn't do well when people
don't. you know. need him.
Anyway. none of that matters
because I didn't move out. so...
Why not?
So Colin and Lia. they
were with you the whole time?
Uh. they dropped
me off for a while
and then came back and picked
me up a few hours later.
Where were they?
I honestly don't know.
Hi.
Um. Marissa asked
me to come over.
She... she wanted me to...
OK. uh. I thought
it was just one stain.
I... I think she just thought
we could do the whole thing.
Why?
It's something to do.
Sitting still can be hard.
Yeah. I think that's just
gonna exhaust her more. though.
I mean. she hasn't really
slept in the last few days.
Yeah. I know.
Yeah. like. I just...
all I'm trying to do is
help my wife. you know?
That's all I care about.
She's really lucky to have that.
I'm really sorry.
Marissa told me about
everything that you've
learned with Carrie.
Yeah.
But I hired her.
And if I hadn't. then...
I've apologized
to Marissa 100 times.
but I've never said it to you.
So. um. I'm really sorry.
If Milo comes back.
he's not going to be the same.
I don't know if Marissa and
I will recover from this.
So I'm trying to forgive you.
And I want you to know that.
But I'm not there yet.
I understand.
Can you let me take
care of her today?
Please. can you give me that?
Yeah.
Thanks.
Where's Jenny?
I told her she can go home.
I got all the cleaning stuff.
I'll clean the couch.
We'll do the whole thing.
You can go lay down.
What?
That wasn't your
decision to make. Peter.
I will do the
whole couch for you.
I wanted Jenny here.
And I wanted to clean the couch.
- Why?
Because I wanted
Jenny here. and I
wanted to clean the couch.
Literally. all I'm doing
is trying to help you.
I don't know what's
going on here.
You used to love it
when I took care of you.
When we first met you used...
Oh!
I was 26.
What is that supposed to mean?
What's your favorite
thing about Milo?
What?
It's one of the
interview questions.
what's your favorite thing?
Oh. fuck.
I haven't looked at the sheet.
Um.
I love when he has a nightmare
and I come into the room
and I hold his hand
and I talk to him
until he falls back asleep.
I love that.
How do you not have...
there's no actual
food in here. Brian.
Which isn't a problem.
because like I said.
I'm not really hungry.
But you haven't eaten yet. OK?
I'm gonna... let me...
I'm gonna fix something
for you. and then
I'm gonna put in a
grocery order. a real one.
Because this shit cannot be...
are you 12?
They're good.
Yeah. but they're
not... it's not real food.
You're not a kid anymore.
You gotta learn to
eat like an adult. OK?
Sit. please.
What do we got behind
door number three?
Soup. that's a start.
There's no soy in it.
How do you know that for sure?
Because I only buy
stuff you can eat. too.
Hmm.
Are you taking your pain meds?
Not today.
Because I hate them.
You would too.
They suck.
We're gonna find a solution. OK?
I could just use the chair.
No.
No way.
You're not gonna be
confined to that thing.
Not on my watch. all right?
We can do better.
What do you think a
five-year-old remembers?
Like. what will
Milo remember when...
I guess. if he...
He'll come home.
I don't know though.
Five is young.
Like. I only have
little flickers
of memories from that age.
Like. I remember random shit
like getting out of a car
in our home on Foxtail.
Yeah.
It's such a whatever memory.
Just getting out of the car.
running up to the front door.
I don't even remember
why I was in a hurry.
But. you know. it must have
been before the accident.
Sure as shit not running now.
Yeah.
You must've been so
scared when I got hurt.
Sorry.
No.
I haven't even really
thought about it before.
You were just a kid.
Well. I wasn't scared.
you know. at first because I
didn't realize it was serious.
Um. because we were just
having so much fun. you know?
You always played with us.
Yeah. of course.
Oh. my god.
you guys were a blast.
It was...
It was the best.
Um. yeah. I remember
Lia chasing you.
and. uh. and she was so hyper.
I remember her screaming.
Yeah.
And. uh... and I
was in the kitchen.
And she's just chasing
you around that corner.
I was looking back at
her over my shoulder.
Couldn't see where I was going.
You know how often I get
asked how this happened?
I'd give anything to
have a sexier answer than
"tripped over my own feet."
Yeah.
It's pathetic.
It's the truth.
You got there before
mom. didn't you?
Yeah.
I came in from the kitchen.
And you were laying
on the pillow fort.
But you had your eyes closed
and you weren't moving.
so I thought you were
faking it for attention.
Lia ran off crying to Mom.
"I didn't mean to do it.
Don't be mad."
And. uh. so I went over to you.
But you still
weren't getting up.
So. I tickled you.
Um. but you didn't move.
So that's when I got scared.
Because I realized
something happened.
You know. you must've
hit something before you
landed on the pillows.
You know.
then I sat there with you.
It was just you
and me alone for what...
what felt like
a long. long time.
And I kept thinking that
you might not wake up.
I'd switch with you
if I could. Brian.
And I hate that I can't.
Please. let me get
your pain meds.
I don't want to get tired.
You can lay down.
All right?
I'll be here.
Sure.
I just got a refill.
It should be in the cabinet.
OK.
You said you just got a refill?
Yeah.
Who picked it up for you?
Lia.
Why?
Just curious.
Hey. Mar!
Hey. uh. I was
hoping we could. uh...
we could talk.
Yeah. same.
Hey. that. uh.
Easter weekend. you...
you went to the
art gallery. right?
Why does that matter?
I'm just trying to
remember all the details.
Peter went to get juice.
I was putting Milo to sleep.
And you. Brian. and Lia.
you went to the art gallery?
Right.
The three of you?
Yeah. the three of us.
Looking at art?
It was a friend of Lia's.
She wanted to show
support. I guess.
Yeah. I didn't think you'd
lie to me a third time.
Obviously. I was wrong.
Hey. listen. I can explain. OK?
I've spoken to Brian.
Where were you and Lia?
You do not honestly
believe that we had something
to do with Milo's kidnapping.
I think that Carrie Finch
got into our lives somehow.
And you're hiding
something from me.
And I don't know what that is.
OK. look. look.
Lia and I have been
seeing each other for months.
And. Brian. he had something
that he wanted to do.
We dropped him off for a bit.
and then we went to dinner.
It doesn't get any more
exciting than that.
OK?
And I am sure that I
could find the charge
on my credit card statement
if you need to see it.
You're dating my sister?
Shit.
Um.
Yeah.
And I know that it
might be weird that I
am involved with your sister.
Uh. no. no. I don't...
I don't care about that.
I'm not a Neanderthal.
And my sister's an adult.
She can...
she can date who she wants.
I do care that you're
both addicts. though.
OK. we're... we're not the
same kind of addict. Peter.
Fine. yeah.
No. you're a gambling
addict. and she likes pills.
But you're not really supposed
to date each other. right?
No. it's...
it's not like a rule.
No. but it's not
exactly encouraged. is it?
- No.
Because it puts you both
at a risk for relapse.
I... I trusted you.
I... I... I went into
business with you.
And I put my name next
to yours on a wall.
because I trusted you. Colin.
Listen. my personal
life has nothing
to do with our business.
I would never put that at risk.
Well. well. it has in the past.
I mean. are you...
are you gambling again?
No.
He's not the one who relapsed.
Lia is.
Brian's pills are missing.
What?
Yeah.
No. listen. hey.
Lia did not take those...
How the fuck would you know?
- Lia did not take those pills.
- Right. no.
What?
They just got up and
left on their own?
I don't know.
Maybe it's a misunderstanding.
Have you even asked
her if she took them?
Why would I?
Addicts lie.
Oh. come on. you...
What?
You kind of love
this. don't you?
Excuse me?
Yeah.
That's the power
you hold over everyone.
If Lia needs help. you're there.
Brian. the same.
- Yeah.
And. you know. here's.
uh... here's some money.
Yeah.
Here's a favor.
Mm-hmm.
Here I am to save the day.
But it comes with a price.
You know. I am...
I am so fucking tired of
watching you belittle her.
I used to think that maybe
you didn't realize the impact
that you had on her.
But. ha!
Oh. man. I do now.
You do it on purpose.
You know exactly
what you're doing.
And you are a shitty
fucking brother.
Yeah.
OK. um.
I've been looking out for my
siblings since I was nine.
My parents weren't
really into the whole.
like. child rearing thing.
so that... that fell to me.
I never wanted them to know how
disinterested our parents were.
Because I knew how much
that would hurt them.
because I know how
much that hurt me.
Yeah.
So I acted like I wanted
to be their babysitter.
And I acted like I wanted to
hang out with fucking toddlers.
And then it's just.
at some point.
this. like. the strangest
thing happened where I... uh.
actually. I did.
I don't think that you
can take care of someone
and not fall in love with them.
That's not how the heart works.
So I'm sorry if you don't
approve of my relationship
with my siblings.
But I love them.
And I'm worried about my sister.
And I'm doing my best.
Hello?
Hello. this is Dr. Hamani
from the Oakbrook Neurosurgery.
And I'm returning a
call to Brian Irvine.
Yeah. hi. this is Brian Irvine.
Thank you for calling me back.
I know you met with my brother.
Peter Irvine. a few weeks ago
about a spinal operation?
Uh. yeah. I did. that's right.
I know I'm not a good fit
for this operation. he told me.
but I just wanted to ask if
you could keep me on a list
or whatever. for future ones?
Just in case.
Uh. I'm sorry. I don't
under... quite understand.
What do you mean?
You said your
brother. Peter Irvine.
informed you that you were not
a good fit for this operation?
Mr. Irvine?
It's gonna go great. OK?
Thanks.
The whole nation
will be watching.
We're gonna find Milo.
What the fuck?
Did you hear that?
Hey! Hey!
What are you doing?
- Surprise.
- Brian.
Hey!
- Oh. my god. Brian!
God damn it!
Hey!
- I don't want those wheels...
- God damn it!
- In this house!
This is why I don't...
this is why I don't want
wheels in the house. Brian!
Hey!
Are you drunk?
- Yep!
Am I?
- Fuck.
Obviously.
How more blatant can I be?
OK. should you be drinking?
Fuck sake.
Brian. I don't...
Mmm.
I think that's enough.
Oh. why don't
I do this more often?
I don't drive.
I could go through
life drunk and be fine.
What has gotten into you?
I am happy!
You are an asshole.
is what you are.
You're gonna regret
saying that soon.
He's gonna regret it.
And what is that
supposed to mean?
Hey. hey. Brian. buddy.
what's going on. man?
You know who else
you call "buddy?"
Milo!
You call Milo. "buddy."
But you also call me "buddy."
You ever think about why?
I'm an adult. not a child!
You're condescending as fuck.
Hey. I am sorry. man.
I didn't realize that
I was doing that.
Well. now you do!
Cause Brian is honest!
Brian is a drunk dick right now.
"Real Insight's" gonna be
here in five minutes.
I'm not gonna fuck
up the interview.
- I need you...
- You already have.
How. exactly?
Well. you're drunk!
And we need to concentrate
and not be distracted.
Your kid's missing.
Think you've got a good excuse.
Oh. fuck you!
Get the fuck out of this house!
Again. think you're
gonna regret that.
You think because
you're disabled you
get a pass to act this way?
Well. you don't. Brian.
- Oh!
Not in my house.
Newsflash. Mar!
I get whatever I want.
Now. everyone. watch out!
Big wheels are gonna
keep on turning!
- Hey!
- Hey. hey. hey. hey!
Hey. hey. hey!
Jesus Christ. Brian!
Oh. fuck!
Fuck the booze hits fast
when you're already on pills.
I want you out of the house now.
I am never. ever doing
anything for you ever
again. Peter.
Because I know!
Negative drug test!
Over-the-counter.
but accurate as fuck!
I'm clean!
You missed a lot.
Wha...
He doesn't know what
he's talking about.
Oh. but I do.
I know. I know. I know.
You lied to me.
Brian. don't do this now.
What is going on?
For your own sake. Brian.
- My sake?
- Let's not do this.
Oh. OK.
Do what?
Where are Brian's meds?
I just showed you
a negative drug test.
Yeah. that's great.
His meds are still missing. so.
Peter. Peter...
You're just going
to assume that's me?
Did you even check the cabinet?
No.
Everyone leaves their
shit lying around.
I'm always picking things up.
There!
See?
Peter. that's where we
keep the medical stuff!
I didn't do it.
I didn't do it!
Mm-hmm.
Do you have any
idea how it feels...
- It's always you.
- When you constantly...
It is always you.
Accuse me.
But you are the one.
you are the one. OK?
I'm not...
I'm not making this up.
Who else am I supposed to
accuse of taking the meds.
The people in this room who
don't have a history of drug
abuse or the one person
who's been to rehab
three times for pills?
So. congratulations.
Lia. you're right.
I was wrong...
- OK.
Today.
I'll be right tomorrow.
But today...
Dude. you are such
a fucking asshole.
- Just stop it.
- I'm wrong.
- Yeah. everyone...
- You know what?
Just fucking stop.
We all pretend
that your personality
is. like. quirky and cute. deep
down. that is not how we feel.
Oh.
We feel sad.
Peter!
Peter. they're going
to be here any minute.
Stop!
OK?
Because you are
smart and talented.
and you could do anything...
- OK. see...
- with your life.
This is what I'm talking about.
It's that right there.
- What?
The truth?
No. it's not the truth.
It's the constant undermining
of everyone around.
Colin. I'm allowed
to have a point of view
on things in my house.
Sure. but it's not her fault
that she grew up with baggage.
No. it's not.
It's not her fault.
It is her fault
that she uses it
as an excuse to be
irresponsible. which she does.
And you know it.
Because you remind me...
Oh!
All the time. Peter!
My god.
That it... that... that it's
my fault that Brian can't walk.
Well.
That it's my fault that
his entire life is ruined!
True.
You know what. Lia?
I would love to dedicate the
evening to your feelings.
but right now. I got
some other shit going on.
What the fuck are you
doing in your chair?
Newsflash to everyone here...
I like my chair.
I got it.
Most disabled people
actually kind of dig...
- Please. stop.
- Mar.
- Their wheelchairs.
- I got it. Peter.
You see. to all of you.
this chair is a trap.
But to me?
It's freedom.
I can actually get places.
You know what I hate?
My crutch.
It sucks.
Walking... sucks.
Walking hurts.
I'm in pain all day.
Here's the funny part.
The thing you've been dangling
in front of my face for years?
More mobility.
standing up a few more inches?
It's not actually what I
want. you stupid motherfucker.
Oh. OK.
What I want is to
live without pain.
And I can do that in this chair.
You tell them or I will.
"Real Insight" is here.
We're not doing this now.
Admit it. Peter.
We are not doing this now.
You tell them or I'll tell.
Brian was a potential
candidate for spinal surgery.
and I told him he wasn't.
And apparently.
he's just found out.
You what?
You lied?
Yeah.
Yeah. I did. I lied.
- Oh. god.
Why?
I can't do this.
Yeah. Peter.
Why?
The surgery is supposed to help
you regain function. right?
But what's next?
What are the next
steps after that?
Come on. Bri.
You got this.
What is it?
More function
means more ability.
means more independence.
You might live on your own.
You might get a job. a real one.
But you don't want that.
Not really.
Some part of you loves
that I take care of you.
What is wrong with you?
You're the exact same way.
Don't even start with that.
You're the exact same way. OK?
And this. I love this.
Good call.
You told him?
I had to.
No. really.
No. I'm... I'm glad for you.
I'm sure you're
running out of stuff
to talk about in those therapy
sessions. twice a week.
a couple hundred bucks a pop.
At least this time. when you
relapse. you'll be able to dive
into how dating another
addict was maybe not...
- No.
- Such great idea.
- Hey. fuck you.
No. I would just hate
for those therapy sessions
that I pay for to
be thin on content.
I said I am clean!
We got it. Lia.
We got it.
Brian. that surgery
comes with major risks.
You think that the
corner of a coffee table
fucks up your spine?
You don't want to know
what a scalpel could do.
So you can think I'm
an asshole all you want
for saying no to the
surgery. but the truth
is. I was worried.
Everyone needs to leave.
I will do the interview alone.
Get out.
- Mar.
Out!
Now Peter.
You don't know how I fell.
Yeah. I do.
You hit the coffee table.
You don't know that.
Yeah. of course I do.
You never saw me fall.
You were in the kitchen.
Then. you told me.
I never did because I don't
even really remember myself.
It was a long time ago.
I never said that.
I think you just don't remember.
I would remember saying that.
Then it's a logical deduction
that the only thing you could
have hit was the coffee table.
I could have hit the end
table. the arm of the couch.
We moved it all around when
we built the pillow fort.
I could have hit
a lot of things.
but you just said I hit the
corner of the coffee table.
Right. then I... then I... then
I... then I must have been able
to see it from the kitchen.
You couldn't have seen
me fall from the kitchen!
I remember our old house!
There's no way!
I could. I'm telling you.
You lied about being in
the kitchen when I fell.
No.
You lied back then and
you're still lying now.
Why?
- I'm not lying.
- Where were you when I fell?
- I'm... I'm...
I'm telling you...
- Where were you when I fell?
Brian. I'm telling you
right now where I was.
Oh. my god.
You were in the living
room. weren't you?
I...
I never meant to hurt you.
I was in the living room.
I was in the
living room. and you
didn't see me because
you were chasing
him down the... down the hall.
And... and you didn't
see me. because your...
your head was turned
to look at her.
And I just wanted...
I just wanted to...
I was trying to play with you.
I was just trying
to play with you.
I'm sorry.
I was... I was ten.
I'm sorry. Brian.
Shit.
I'm so sorry.
You didn't trip
over your own feet.
You tripped over
my foot. because I
stuck it out. because I
thought it would be funny.
But there was so many
pillows in the living room.
And I... and I...
I just thought that
you were gonna...
Lia. you thought it was your
fault and you went to get Mom.
and you took the blame.
You took the blame
before I could stop you.
And then Mom
called the ambulance.
And everybody was crying.
And I just...
I didn't lie.
I just never corrected you.
You have let me
believe that this
was my fault my entire life.
Lia. I was ten.
How old are you now?
Hmm?
I gave you a gift.
I give you an excuse. wrapped
up in a bow. to be a wreck
your entire life.
Oh. my god.
I'm not a wreck. Peter!
Just stop.
Just stop!
Stop!
Stop.
Stop it.
Everyone. fucking stop it.
Stop it. stop it. stop it.
You know.
you make sense to me now.
You do. you're sick.
You're sick.
- I'm sick?
- You're sick.
Fuck. you're sick!
- I'm sick?
Yeah!
I'm sick cause I bail you out
every time you get in trouble?
I'm sick?
I'm sick 'cause I want to
help the people around me?
That's sick?
You don't want to help
the people around you.
You want the people around
you to need your help.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Oh. fuck.
Maybe everything is your fault.
They're here!
Maybe you're the reason
someone got into the ranch
house at Easter.
- Shut up.
Maybe you were
never getting juice.
Fuck you.
Maybe you never set the alarm!
Shut the fuck up!
Maybe you lied.
Maybe you're the reason
Milo went missing.
For fuck's sake!
And now... now.
he's fucking dead!
No!
Stop!
Stop. stop. stop. stop.
Mar. hey.
Hey.
Hey. hey.
Oh. fuck.
OK.
Hey. Hey.
Hey. OK.
It's OK.
My favorite thing
about Milo is using him
as an excuse to send you away.
We weren't out of
juice that weekend.
and we weren't out of
upholstery cleaner today.
The longer we are
married. the more
I like it when you're gone.
Hello?
It's the police.
There's a boy at the station.